Cauliflower and Chicken Curry Recipe
 
By Elaine Lemm British & Irish Food Expert (A few modifications by Jim Dodgen) 

The humble British cauliflower is elevated to new heights with this Cauliflower and Chicken Curry recipe. 
Not only is the curry recipe quick and easy to make, it is also an inexpensive, yet nutritious dish, 
perfect for a main meal, lunch or supper dish.

Typically served with rice or Indian style flat bread.

All measurements are approximate

INGREDIENTS
2 large skinless and boneless chicken breasts
2 tbsp oil (or Ghee [clarified butter])
1 medium onion, finely diced
2+ green chillies, finely diced (I use jalapenos and remove the seeds)
1/2 cm of ginger finely grated (that is about 1/4 inch)
2 cloves garlic, minced

1/2 tsp chili powder
1 tsp turmeric
2 tsp garam masala
1 tbsp soft brown sugar (palm sugar is best)

1 can (~15oz) chopped tomatoes, mostly drained
1 can (~14oz) coconut cream (150 cal per 1/3 cup version) Plus about 1/2 can of water
1/2 cauliflower, broken into florets
Salt and pepper- 
2 large handfuls spinach, with stems removed.(I use most of a 6 oz package)

Prep Time: 30 minutes 
Cook Time: 20 minutes
Total Time: 50 minutes Yield: Serves 4

PREPARATION

Chop all the veggies first, then: 
cut the chicken breasts into about 3/4" x 3/4" sized chunks.

Heat 1 tbsp oil/ghee in a large frying pan (I use a wok) and brown the chicken on all sides. 
Remove the chicken from the pan and keep to one side.

Add the remaining tablespoon of oil/ghee to the same pan, add the chopped onion 
and cook on a medium heat until the onions are soft.

Add the green chilli, ginger and garlic and continue to cook for 1 minute, 
taking care not to burn.

Then,add the chilli powder, turmeric, garam masala and sugar 
and cook for a further minute stirring constantly.

Pour in the tomatoes and coconut milk, stir well, 
then add the chicken back and the cauliflower.
 
Simmer for 10 minutes until the cauliflower and chicken are cooked through. 
Add a little stock or water if the sauce gets too thick.

Check the seasoning, and add salt and/or pepper as required. 

Then stir in the spinach until it just starts to wilt.
 
Serve with cooked rice, and/or Naan bread or chapattis.