Paella
Recipe courtesy Alton Brown, 2010,  modified by jed 2013,2014

Prep Time:30 min
Inactive Prep Time:15 min
Cook Time:45 min

Level:
Intermediate

Serves:
6 to 8 servings 
Ingredients
1 pound tomatoes
9 cups	low-sodium chicken broth (about 5 (4.96) - 14.5 oz cans)
3 cups short or medium-grain rice, I use Spanish "Arroz Dacsa" (a litte less is good 2.75 cuos?)
20 threads saffron
2 sprigs rosemary, leaves stripped from sprigs
3 teaspoons kosher salt, divided
1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 pounds boneless, chicken thighs (should be Rabbit ... but)
1 pound shrimp (for a mixed Paella)
8 OZ Spanish chorizo or other hot hard cooked sausage, 
     pepperoni works cut in pieces
1/2 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and halved
1 cup chopped red bell pepper
1/2 cup	 chopped green bell pepper
2 cloves (or more) garlic, minced
Special equipment:  

15-inch carbon steel paella pan

Directions:

best cooked on a open fire, I use a outdoor burner(Jed).

Halve the tomatoes and remove the seeds to a fine mesh strainer set over 
a small bowl to catch the juice. Grate the seeded halves on the large hole side 
of a box grater and discard the skins. Combine the reserved juice and grated tomato 
and set aside.

Warm the chicken broth in a kettle or 4-quart saucepan over high heat until 
it reaches 200 degrees F. Remove the broth from the heat and cover to keep warm.

Combine the rice, saffron, rosemary, 1 teaspoon of the salt, and paprika 
in a small mixing bowl.

Heat the olive oil in the paella pan on the prepared grill. Season the chicken 
on all sides with the remaining 2 teaspoons of salt.
 
Once the olive oil shimmers, add the chicken and cook until golden brown 
on both sides, approximately 5 to 6 minutes per side. 

Move the chicken to the outer edges of the pan. 

Add the green beans, red bell pepper, green bell pepper 
and garlic to the center of the pan and cook until they begin to soften 
and darken in color, approximately 2 to 3 minutes. 

Now toss in the sausage (assuming precooked)

Add the tomatoes and their juice and cook until most of the liquid has 
dissipated and the tomatoes thicken and darken, approximately 4 to 5 minutes.

Now add the shrimp (optional)  (if precooked then wait until later)


push all to the edges of the pan

Add the rice mixture to the center of the pan and cook, stirring 
constantly for 1 minute.

Redistribute the chicken pieces/veggies on top of the rice. 

Add 4 cups of the warm chicken broth and stir to distribute the rice evenly 
in the pan, making sure that all rice is completely submerged in liquid. 

From this point forward do not stir the paella.

After 8 to 9 minutes, when most of the liquid is absorbed and the 
rice appears dry,  add an additional 4 cups of broth. 

Continue to cook without stirring, until the  liquid is absorbed, again 
about 8 to 9 minutes.
 
The rice should be firm to the bite and the grains have a tiny white dot 
in the center. Add the remaining broth as needed, until the rice is 
cooked through. 

Watch the fire to make sure it is heating evenly and 
adjust the pan to prevent uneven cooking.

Remove the pan from the heat, cover with a tea towel or foil 
and let it rest for about 15 minutes before serving.

I serve it in the middle of the table with a serving spoon for each person 
stuck in the Paella. 

